# Code 
I didn't bother adapting the code from uppg4 but wrote whole new code instead. This also performs the task required by uppg6 so I don't have to make another one. As you will probably see in the commented out sections of the code it went through a couple iterations. I wrote a function named `switch_led()` and that stayed more or less the same. Its a function that toggles a boolean value everytime it is called and then reads it and depending on what it is it toggles an led on and another off. Or outputs power and stops outputting power if you hook up something else to the designated pins. 

## The first iteration 
It was just a function named `bjornen_sover()`. It was supposed to be a function that plays a melody on a speaker using utilizing the `tone()` function. I never actually finished writing that funtion because it was a pain constantly looking up frequencies and going back and forth. In that function I was also calling `switch_led()` everytime a time the tone changed. 

## The second iteration 
The function was called the same, but I copy and pasted a list of tones mapped to frequencies off the arduino website and used the tone named instead of the frequency when passing the second argument into `tone()`. That still wasn't convenient enough for me so I commented it out and went on to write:

## The third iteration
Here I just wrote a wrapper for `tone()` called `playTone()`. It is an `if()` tree that checks what the passed argument for tone is. For example if it is `"A"` it will call `tone()` and pass 880 as the second argument because thats the frequncy the tone A has (in the fifth octave). It also passes the length argument to `tone()` to tell it how long to play the sound. It passes the same length argument to a `delay()` right after the tone. Oh yeah, I also don't have to pass the argument for chosen pin again. I duplicated that function, added a call to `switch_led()` before `delay()` and called it `playToneAndSwitchLED()`. I should probably have implemented these functions using a dictionary where I mapped tone names to frequencies instead of an `if()` tree. It would have been a lot faster and cleaner looking. But this one serves its intended purpose well enough. I used the `playToneAndSwitchLED()` most in `bjornen_sover()`. It still serves the same purpose but I can at least say that it now looks a lot neater. 
